---
title: "Day 24 - Power lays in cooperation"
date: "2023-01-10T00:00:00Z"
draft: false
tags: ["blog", "web design"]
categories: ["Knowledge", "Website"]
---

# Looking for a solution to a problem with my Mentor

We connected through discord, the bot no longer reminds us of meetings because flexibility works better than top-down fixed days and times for meetings.

I introduced my mentor to my blog and told him how I created it. I also talked about the problems I encountered along the way and the ones I am currently facing. 

## Another domain problem needed to be fix

When you typed in the name of my new domain simondev.win it would redirect to my site, but then when you clicked on a post the address would return to the old version of the domain from Netlify. 

I spent almost an hour looking for a solution that would prevent my site's http address from changing when I clicked on anything on the site. 

It turned out that I forgot to change the baseURL in the config.yaml file in my site's files. A funny situation, because the answer lay right under my nose. 

## Posts navigation issue

My mentor Matthew also helped me solve the post navigation problem I was struggling with yesterday. The problem was the location of the partials folder. I had originally put it in _default and that was causing the error.

The programming coach set me further goals and gave me issues to learn, that is, to read, understand and note down. 


## Good advice for everyone!

It would have been much more difficult without the person who has already gone through the path I want to follow, and for that, God bless him

**Always find a real mentor** with whom you can have contact, no matter what you are pursuing. 


