---
title: "Day 25 - CI/CD"
date: "2023-01-17T00:00:00Z"
draft: false
cover:
    image: img/025img1.JPG
    alt: 'CI/CD loop'
    caption: 'CI/CD loop'
tags: ["concepts"]
categories: ["Knowledge", "Work Ethic"]
---

# A week off

I was absent for a week, due to my position in life. I am in the last year of high school and I am preparing for The Final Exam, so I don't have much time nowadays. I'm explaining myself here only in front of... myself!
I feel bad when I can't pay that much atention to study programming as I should, so I'm about to changing that. 
*Work daily Simon, small steps - but daily.*

# **TO THE POINT**

## CI/CD - what's that?

CI/CD is something of a concept that, like the Deming Cycle (which I know from school), allows for control over the product development process.
It is worth noting that this approach is characterized by the almost daily release of new versions of applications 

### CI (Continuous Integration) 
is a kind of procedure that keeps an eye on the compatibility of the code being pushed out.

Successful CI means new code changes to an app are regularly built, tested, and merged to a shared repository. It's a solution to the problem of having too many branches of an app in development at once that might conflict with each other.

### CD (Continuous Delivery)

Continuous delivery automates the release of validated code to a repository. The goal of continuous delivery is to have a codebase that is always ready for deployment to a production environment.

The final stage of a mature CI/CD pipeline is continuous deployment. As an extension of continuous delivery, which automates the release of a production-ready build to a code repository, continuous deployment automates releasing an app to production. Because there is no manual gate at the stage of the pipeline before production, continuous deployment relies heavily on well-designed test automation.



### Some popular CI/CD tools include:

- Travis CI
- Jenkins
- CircleCI
- GitLab
- Spinnaker
- BuildKite