---
title: "Day 28 - Struggles with Likes/Structural dates/Git ignore"
date: "2023-01-30T00:00:00Z"
draft: false
tags: ["git", "web design"]
categories: ["Work Ethic", "Knowledge"]
---

# Shortcomings of knowledge

## Likes/Dislikes 

I've wanted to create a likes-dislikes posts system on my blog, but I found out you need some backend to do that. I could make something similiar, but it looses it's point when one user can like and dislike as many times he wants. 

To prevent that I would have to store some user data, for example his IP. Otherwise, I'd have to simultaneously make logging system. 

That's a bit above my competencies for now, **but it motivates me hard to gain necessary knowledge.**

## Structural dates in HUGO

It occured that I can't do that either. I mean - maybe I could, but I don't even know how to articulate an issue properly, so I can't find any informations. I've tried all variations with words:
- general 
- structural 
- dates 
- google read  
- components

I'm not sure if it's even possible in Hugo. 

## The Junior Tasks list

I have spent an hour searching for solutions and haven't find anything. I guess I'll just do another task from my *Junior Tasks* list, which is:

- Git ignore for public directory

- https://ohmygit.org/

- https://dev.to/ayekpleclemence/javascript-shorthand-coding-techniques-43pd

- https://wesbos.com/javascript/01-the-basics/welcome

- Js zelent
 
- funfunfunction
 
- aplication (users) PWA

This list expands regularly, because those are tasks my Mentor gives me. 
**I'm getting closer to actual learn coding in JS. I look forward to start doing it.**

## Git ignore for public directory

I don't get the clue of this task, like, for what? 
I have all my posts in public directory, so I won't be able to publish anymore when I'll do ignore or what?

I'll wait for my Mentor to answer me.

## Blindly productive day

As you may see, I didn't do anything secific today, but what stays in my head is mine. Some things became more clear. 
**If you visit enough dead-ends, you gonna walk a proper road eventaully.**

*It's reversed Murphy's law - ,,If something can go well - it will"*
